The Škoda Fabia is a series of passenger cars produced by Czech manufacturer Škoda Auto since 1999. This model is developed using the MQB-PQ26 platform that widely used for the vehicles manufactured by the Volkswagen group. By analysing the Škoda Fabia repair documentation of the 2015 model, we try to identify any security threats that might be evident using our TARA methodology.

Škoda Fabia has a decentralised electrical architecture \ref{fabia}, with each ECU sitting close to the components they control, allowing a short run of cable. All these components are interfaced to each other via CAN Bus communication protocol. There are two major groups of bus systems, the Drive Bus and the Convenience Bus. These are connected via a central Electrical System Control Unit, whose primary function is to monitor the switches that are not integrated in the convenience system and monitor the voltage supply to electrical consumers.  Convenience bus system connects to the comfort features such as the doors, power windows, mirrors, cabin lights and temperature control units. Drive bus system connects to critical functional control units such as the engine, brake, steering and acceleration units.

The power steering mechanism is driven by an electric motor, controlled by an ECU, which receives system critical information broadcasted over the CAN-Bus. Information such as steering angle is sent by the sensors placed in the steering column. Speed information is also sent from speed sensors in the car. Since CAN Bus is a broadcast network, and this drive network is also connected to diagnostics port, which is accessible by anyone using simple tools, this can pose a security risk. It is also connected to the convenience port via the J519 Electrical system Control unit.\\

The Power steering ECU is connected to the sensors via the CAN Bus, which is also connected to the OBD port. There is a Electrical system control unit located in between the OBD port and the power steering ECU, whose security level is not known. Thus we assume that it is easy to bypass this system for the analysis. It is observed that there is a high security risk involved in the system. Possible security defense methods include protecting the CAN bus with authentication and adding controls to prevent DoS attacks on the CAN network, enhancing the gateway node (Electrical system Control unit) to prevent unauthorised traffic in the drive CAN bus. Summary of the analysis can be found in SKODA FABIA POWER STEERING.png
